Dream Recording: A Collection of Dreams Through May into June 2017. By Armani Willis.

It turned out that throughout the month of may I was unable to remember anything particularily
significant, I had been exploring different routes of mental projection. I reached the point where
I was concious of myself and that I was dreaming, and what I was doing, but I could not control the
dream setting or the dreaming mechanisms.

Of early may, the most undoubtedly memorable dream was the one which occured to me after keeping a
tiny sample of gold inside an enclosed magnetic field for a few (2.7) days. In this dream, I woke up
to a much brighter room than there was when I went to sleep, the room was flooded with a pinkish 
light with sharp needles of yellow light. The sky outside was a pure white sky which faded into after
background of bright green leaves.

Underneath the computer stand, there was no chair, but there was a small (old) red balloon on a 
curly red string. I noticed that the sound that I was hearing was coming from the balloon, and it
was a rough and rubbery sound. From hearing this sound, I noticed that there was a sound that I
would usually hear, but it was missing. Instead, my ears (which were inside my skull) were tuned to
a much finer sound that was at least double the frequency. Then I knew that this sound was the sound
of the dream.

When I woke up, I pinpointed automatically this sound, and I realised that the sound was less than
half the speed of the sound in the dream. With that, I learned that I had learned that this dream,
which is our physical reality, was running at lower than one half the rate of the other dream, which
was running on the elemental golden lodestone. 

To prove this, I decided to switch the gold sample with a sample of Uranium glass that I had. My
reasoning was that if objects are also universes, a finer universe should have a less discrete tone,
And it came to pass that in just 2 days, the clock speed of the sound that I was hearing dropped to 
less than only 1/4 of the sound in the dream.

Early in June, I was considering the premise that the universe was actually another dream, and all
objects in it, and other dreams were also dreams themselves. This would mean that my body experience
in this dream is and originates from a sub conscious contemplation that runs for as long as a person
is inside a body, and thus is dreaming that experience in life. That could mean that object 
(experiences) seem more physical since the frequency of a realm is more discrete, but really, as a
dream makes less and less sense, the conscious mind is convinced more of it, thus, a person can 
train himself to believe to make sense wgatever would coincide with where he would wish to be.

After a long time of not being able to remember the dreams that I had, I realised that drinking 
water passed through a magnetic coil helped to enhance mental as well as physical processes. After
days of drinking this water with no dreams, I decided to reverse the polarity of the coil device. 
the result was a dream where I had woken up at 8pm, and wrestled an ice cream cake out of the micro
wave oven. I set the timer on my chest and then insert the timer into my belly, then I shut the door
(on my belly). Then I go to the dining room table to write something which was in words and 
equations at the same time. 

There was a knock at the door. The voice sounded like it was my mother, but instead, an old woman 
came through the locked door with some laundry detergent. "Go meet your mother and help push the
trolley up by the window." Outside, the sky was pitch black with pulses of light occuring every half
second. My mom was there dressed in black. She was pulling a trolley. I wave my hand to push the 
trolley the other way. "Thanks!" Mom chases after the trolley. The End.

In the dream, the walls, furniture, bricks, even the ground emits an eerie yellow glow. There were 
no lights outside in the dream. My reasoning was that I would eventually forget dreams again with 
this setting, and my mentality went from distrust of the self to distrust of others as time passed.
I realised that if one setting provided the flow of reasoning in one direction, then I could 
separate the one coil into 2, and set them facing each other.

I took the 3 wound coil and faced it in the forward direction to the pipe running forward, then I 
placed the 2 wound coil behind it in the reverse direction. My reasoning was that since this magnet
system produces thought, then setting the vector products in opposing directions would cause a 
'cessation of thought' or minimalizing optimization and liberate me from having so many thoughts. I 
found that although this was true, it meant that the vector forces were cancelling each other out, 
and minimizing the strength of the electronic field. 

Thus, to optimize the torque of the magnetic field, was to inverse the polarity, by placing the 3
coil in reverse ahead of the forward 2 coil. The mentality of this brain was to know the forward 
path but then face greater hardship in teaching the forward way to others, thus was the case in
many circumstances where propositions were new and not part of a syllabus. It also turns out that 
neither way is the true way, but when facing and reading each other, they produce balance, a sort of
'middle way'.

This new configuration was not one mentality, or another, but both of them could refer to themselves
as a sort of error correction mechanism, whose complexity would approach the limit 2AB. When their
vector fields face each other, they cancel each other out, but the torque of this rate should be
((AA+BB)^(1/2))/2, combining the kinetic potential with pythagoras' theorem. So, although they 
cancel each other out, they should be doing so at more than double the strength they would be facing 
the either way. 

Interpreting the complexity of the graph to visualise the loci of the difference knots, I could say 
that [(AA+BB)^(1/2)]=C^(2/2), C(n+1)=(AA(n)+BB(n)). This implies that this configuration has a 
complexity congruent to the iteration above, and that the energy of this system is far stronger,
gentler, and more focused, operating over much greater differences than the previous configuration.

On the night that I drank the water of this coil (at about 11pm) and went to sleep, I dreamt that I
was a biker, who had died of a heart attack after a roundup with the leader at a secluded diner in 
the arizona desert. This dream started out as a montage of greyscale images with text underneath 
them. Then, I woke up in a very bright, colorful, and cartoony setting of flames and lava. I was a
tiny ghost (like from pacman), white with big black eyes and a small, squirrelly voice. 

In this dream, I spent several hours (real time) solving puzzles, gathering artifacts, and finding 
favour with other people in the underworld. I woke up at about 5:30am, and I thought that my dreams
did not seem to have any sense of direction. I could not detect anything that implied knowledge of
the cardinal directions. I know that my dreams were being affected by the sounds that I was able to
store in water, so if I placed a magnet inside with the water, I should have a better sense of
direction in my dream state.

The magnet that i used was a flat torus of iron. As I did that, the next night, the dream that I had
was more colorful, but less like a cartoon. I was some sort of fighter, and I was in a land where 
people could fly without wings. I was on a road to a small hut that burrowed deep underground. As I
entered the hut, i found that the inside was only one room. There was no lamp, a wooden ceiling and
floor, some pottery, and other empty wooden furniture. 

Those with circular pink walls, and rectangular windows with no glass. The floor started to recede
into the ground, and fighters appeared out of the sides of the tunnel. After I defeated all of those
fighters, I burst out of the house through the ceiling and defeat an =# fighters outside of the hut.
Then, the camera zooms into the sky, and appears out on a road in another dream. 

In this dream, the sky was blue instead of pink. I was a ball of light who could appear human. I 
flew around and I was inside a classroom, and when the class ended, I went outside and I saw roads, 
bridges and highways twisting continuously in on themselves. I approached other people entering the 
school, they saw me and were not surprised by me. Then I headed towards one of the bridges and I was
absorbed into an suv. This suv was afraid of a bigger red suv further up the hill on a dirt road.
As is started driving, my focus shifted ahead of me. Then, the van flew out into the air. That is 
when I learned that it was a flying car. 

These 2 dreams that coincided with each other seemed more relevant to my experiences than and carry
a high level of complexity unlike previous dreams. Dreams serve not only as inspiration, but are 
also an inclusive experience connected to the waking world. With this experiment, I could pay 
attention to the dreams of these materials to identify the construction of the universe. The jagged
nature of uranium was explained: The atom was heavier than radon with several incomplete shells and
2 valence electrons. It has no special characteristics besides its fluorescence in the presence of
curium.

Its body had a space within the distance from the nucleus  where the electrons could exceed the 
speed of light in that region. This implied that there was such a circumstance where the speed of 
light increased as heavier atoms exerted more force. When a heavy atom like uranium influences a 
holy water source, its resonant frequency drops to about the resonant frequency of that atom, which
is very low due to its jagged nature. 

This can cause anomalies in dreams as well as waking life, in my experience, it has caused anomalies
in time, genetic mutations, shadows, phobias, space distortions, weather changes, conveniences, 
nightmares, and lapses in judgement. These conditions were eliminated when the 2 coils face each
other.  In that case, there were no physical effects besides space anomalies. 

Under this element, I had a dream where I was flying down a corridor and I was blocked by 3 fire
walls. I solved the first 2, but the 3rd was hinged onto 2 hooks and could not let down its fire.
I could not unhinge the door, and I eventually wandered into another room with no door. This room
was dark blue. This room had a big bed with a thick pink sheet.

Under this sheet, there was the terminator in full terminator armor encased in a clear bag with 
black wires coming out of his body and leading into a section under this pad. Then another 
terminator appeared and said "We make heroes all the time." I said "Why do they all have to be 
mortals?""I'm sorry, we don't have this technology." Dreams from Uranium are significantly darker
and more forbidding than any other material that I dealt with. In this case, the dream was not a 
nightmare, but just a characteristic of the nature of this element.

This dream occurred at about 9am, and I did not handle the solution until about 3pm. At this time, I
was in my bed at about 3:42pm on a friday, and in my thought there was a girl that appeared and said
"Why did you summon me here?" In my thought, as a voice, I said "I just wanted to see what you look
like.""You wanted to see what I look like, huh?" Her voice became stifled and gross, and her face 
became dark blue, and encrusted with rocks. Strange dark blue dirt grew out of her hair, which 
became frazzled, then fell out. She rose up, and I saw that she was much bigger.

The atmosphere was now dark blue with a heavy white light. (Why?) I summoned a black helicopter, 
which dragged her away into a red poppy field that I imagined and then teleported to. At this point,
she had brass fingers and red eyes. She started howling and this created an earthquake. The soil
rumbled and undulated like an animal, damp earth was being spewed in many directions. Then, giant
spiders, scorpions, and milipedes appeared, all with brass coated  onto their stone legs. (Why?) 

The scorpions grew wings and started leaping, the spiders dropped 4 of their legs, the remaining 4 
grew longer and moved more slowly. The milipedes began to rise up on their hind legs, and twitching
all of their legs back and forth with their bellies facing a large blue orb that looked as if it was
much closer than it was. Their bellies were covered with black claws like many sharp teeth move back
and forth as their mouths, stretching the length of their bodies open and close, pushing the teeth
inward and outward. They emmitted sharp, high pitched shrieks from the front of their heads.

Then, a flying disc made out of the same stone appeared from out of the frame and started lifting
some of the creatures ahead of its path into the air without touching them. The milipede, spiders, 
and scorpions retalliate by shooting their teeth and shrieking at it. Then, a tall, pink skinned
human like people, covered in blood, rose up out of the soil, and shot beams of white light from 
their chests, foreheads, or a stone apparatus (the same stone) apparatus covering either arm, before
being devoured by the stone creatures.

Then, multiple giant humanoid golems, the same as the one the woman turned into appeared out of the
soil. Each of them were 16 feet tall, with wide hips, and shoulders, breast mounds and female pubes.
They were carrying large blue staffs with giant arrow heads at the ends, and they used these to 
attack the 9ft tall humanoids with no armor, and the other creatures. These golems had not have
brass fingers, but the orginal golem did not have a staff. The staffs were each only 4 feet tall and
6 inches wide.

"Always dilligent in seeking the enemy. Closing all avenues for possible threats. Insistent and 
incessant, not giving way to laziness. Constantly, we march forward, always looking back." This was
the motto being chanted as the golems fought the various other creatures in various ways. For some
reason, they were 'the enemy', and although they found themselves at the throngs of the giant bugs,
they found themselves fighting them and the golems. By this time, the helicopter had crashed a long 
time ago.

Over the next few hours, a constant presence of looming threat was behind me, so I was always 
checking my back knowing that there was nothing there. This was true for my entire childhood up tone
the time that I started taking the holy water that I invented at age 17. Apparently, the construct
of this place affected me more than it does others. When the time came that it was very late and
near midnight, I was lying on a chair while my mom was watching a comedy show. While I was paying
attention to the show, my eyes were closed, and I could see myself as a female lying on one side in 
some sort of vehicle.

I was being escorted to my university, which I remembered (but never saw) as a metallic white 
building with thick blue windows and a thick blue glass roof built up in a circular fashion. As I
was sleeping, I could see copies of her moving around outside of the van as she was imagining all 
the things she could do to help the people there. At the end of the trip, the truck/van pulled up
outside of a road with tall grass and a shallow wooden fence. The sky was bleak and grey because of
rain, and water was everywhere.

Down the road, there was an abandoned garage that seemed to serve as part of a barn. The barn was
hollow on both ends, and through the other end, I saw my school at the end of a large plot of grass.
By the time I assembled back into my conscious state, It was 12:30am, and the tv was off, I went 
into the kitchen and turned the light on. I heard and saw a balding person, who was a british male
argue about the frustrations a living in a limited mortal existence. 

Pondering this, I went into my room and I watched a video about warp drive physics. It seemed 
impossible, but it looked like they were trying to reconstruct a cell. The warp bubble would be 
folded in on itself, like how a phospholipid bilayer is formed, and the spaces accelerating into the
speed of light would always approach, but never touch the spaces that were supposed to contain the
ship. One thing that they failed to mention, or did not choose to discuss, was that the differences
between direct and alternating current would allow for light speed oscillation, thus a vessel like 
this would not need to 'accelerate' to light speed, and could instantly enter such a warp bubble 
without 'moving'. 

I tried to dwell and meditate on this by watching more videos about aliens, and trying to pretend 
that I was already projecting such a bubble, but I did not dream. In the morning, I replaced the 
water and removed all except quartz, xenon, and gold from the water. Then it sat for many days. Over
the next series of days, my mom and I complained to each other about a series of headaches. On a
wednesday afternoon at 9:40pm, I added all minerals back to the water, except the green ones. At 
11:40pm, It came to my attention that Just as I figured out how water can identify structures in 
the mind, and how soap can be used to cleanse the body, then mabye the characteristic of soap may 
help me to identify how to purify the mind.

Acting quickly, and hoping that it would not have any serious consequences, I added 2 squirts of
shampoo, handsoap, laundry detergent, and 1/2 teaspoon of soapscour. Then I shook it and then went 
to bed. At around 2am, I had a dream that I was with some other unknown people up on a gondola, far
above a mountain range. I could see pyramids, faint and of different colors, hanging upside down, 
pulsing faint triangles of the same color at regular intervals. Then I yell "Look, I can see them!"
Then they all became solid, and although they seemed far away, they became very close to the vessel.
Then the other people start gabbing the crystals and placing them on the sides of the bucket.

I would suppose that the way this mechanism works was by means of alternative perception. The way 
this works is: [p::amodn]=[p=amodn]. It means that objects appear just as they had been written into
the stars, and is exactly as they appear at any perspective. It is very uncommon and unusual for 
this to happen in my dreams, this was the only recollection of something like that happening.
Obviously, the crystals were the abrasive of the soap scour, and this was also the clearest proof
that objects placed in the water were being projected at a subconscious level.

Before that time, I was visited by a small girl who was dressed in a black and yellow maid's outfit.
She was in a wooden house with wooden furniture and clay pots decorated whith flowers and white 
paint. In a wooden chair, there was an old man with a very dark red suit who was 4 times her size,
she was sitting very still. "Why is it that you called me here?""I have no specific reason.""Well,
what is it that you wanted me to do?""I, well, you see, the process of you being here has to do with
the differences between 2 people..." (His stance was being buffeted by his refutable answers.) 
"Daddy, answer me. What is the reasin for my existence here?" There was no answer. "Well? What are 
my instructions?" 

The distraught girl gets up from off the floor and opens the wall of one side of the house. The area
outside is bright and rich with color, but with no discernable objects or structures. As I pass the
side of the house, the girl reappears in front of me as a grown woman, and as I pass her, she grows
older and older, then, like an egg hatching in slow motion, she sheds her skin and reconstructs her
self in a ghost image of the young woman. Then, enormous slabs of some metal appear to form a
cavernous entrance to some metallic building made out of slabs of this metal. 

Then, women who are almost like her, but shorter and thinner, hold giant leaves of various giant 
leaves of plants over her head. "What does one do when they find themselves with no instructions?
Your body is a capacitor for all the memories you will carry with you. This is true for bacteria, 
and it is true for the trees as well." Then, the entire scene fills itself with light, with many
smaller transparent lights.

Upon seeing this, I imagine; 'what other things can I use as cleaning agents?' I remember the bottle
of hydrogen peroxide and isopropylase and I add this to 1/6 of the container of water. Within six
hours, I visualise a young woman and an old woman sitting across from each other at a dining table.
They are concentrating at each other. I appear as a tiny light and interrupt them. "Who are you two
people?""Who are you?" They stare off into space. The young woman seems very firm and serious, the
other woman does not move or speak. She is dressed from head to toe in a sort of turkish nun's
outfit, with mittens, pointy black shoes, a long cloak, and a hat scarf. It was all black revealing
only her gaunt face.

The younger woman was in a black highland maiden's outfit, revealing only her blonde hair, head, and
neck. "You know, my way of bringing calm and silence and quiet is not to wrap and surround yourself
in darkness, you know. It is to bathe and cover your surroundings in light, so that eventually, 
there may only be light.""I don't know what you are talking about.""Look." They look at each other.
This time, thinking about what I said, they bathe each other in light. The light fills up that part
of the room.

From the transformations, they get up in astonishment. The maiden's dress changes from pitch black
to a shiny metallic grey. The older woman, however, becomes very black, until her features become
indistinguishable. Her depth sinks into the wall behind the wooden chair. The metallic girl blinks,
then the other woman flashes on and off as she blinks, until the light stops shining. "Hah, how did
this happen?? How did I not know this whole time that she was a shadow?""You must try not to dwell 
on things so seriously, since they are only as real as you see them."


